## Contents of the Repository
  - README.md -- Serves as an orientation to everyone who comes to this repository, it should enable you to get their bearings. You are in the README.md file now.
  - LICENSE.md -- The terms under which they may use and cite your repository.
  - SCRIPTS folder -- Contains all the source code for the project. See section 1 of this file for more information.
  - DATA folder --  Contains all of the data for this project. 
  - OUTPUT folder -- Contains all of the output generated by our  project, e.g. figures, tables, etc.

## Section 1: Software and Platform Section
  Google Drive was used to clean and gather a subset of the data. This was chosen because it has
  built in features allowing for collaboration, making it easy for team members to modify the
  dataset together. To analyze the images, we used ModelNetSSD which provides a pre-trained object
  detection model software. Windows 11 was the platform used to complete this analysis. 

## Section 2: A Map of your documentation. 

- DATA
  - CAMO-COCO-V.1.0-CVIU2019
    - Camouflage
      - GT
        - GT Images
      - Images
        - Test
          - Test Images
        - Train
          - Train Images
    - Non-Camouflage
      - GT
        - GT_Camouflage
          - GT_Camouflage Images
        - GT_Instance
          - GT_Instance Images
        - GT_Objectness
          - GT_Objectness Images
      - Images
        - Test
          - Test Images
        - Train
          - Train Images
    - README
  - Test_Camouflaged
    - Test Camouflaged Images
  - Test_Non_Camouflaged
    - Test Non-Camouflaged Images
  -results.csv
- OUTPUT
  - Output.pdf 
- SCRIPTS
  - camouflaged.py
  - camouflaged.Rmd
  - MobileNetSSD_deploy.caffemodel
  - MobileNetSSD_deploy.prototxt
- LICENSE.md
- README.md


## Section 3: Steps the group used and the instructions for reproducing the results: 
1. Gather Raw Data - We secured a complete dataset of camouflaged and non-camouflaged images from Trung-Nghia Nguyen's website on Camouflage Detection Research[1]. This data is located in the DATA folder.
2. Filter the Data - For both camouflaged and non-camouflaged images, we chose a subset of each, about 100 photos per category, and began labeling them. These images were chosen at random from the original dataset and moved into separate folders for testing. For each image chosen, we renamed the image to be the name of the object that should be identified. 
3. Run Object Detection Analysis - Using ModelNetSSD, we ran the model on all the images and saved the results.
4. Analyze Results - Use data, tables, and graphs to compare the results of object detection analysis on camouflaged and non-camouflaged images to note any differences in the model's accuracy to detect the correct object on the different types of images. 

### References
[1]	Nguyen, Long T. Nghia. (n.d.). Camouflage Detection Research. Available: https://sites.google.com/view/ltnghia/research/camo [Accessed April 11, 2024].

